Dear Sir/Madam,

I'm contacting you again regarding a item that I returned and I still did not get any status around it from Amazon.
Order: 404-8608956-1108367

In this e-mail I would like to present the details I got from the courier, the timeline of my contacts attempts to Amazon and questions that I have.

1) Details from the courier (AnPost)
According to AnPost the package has been delivery in Italy (tracking number: CL 114 843 344 IE).
I asked if they could get more details, like to have a receipt with my name on it.
They said that they do not ask that information and it is not present in the receipt.


2) Attempts to contact Amazon
June 3 - I bough the product
June 14 - I posted it using AnPost in Ireland
June 22 - Packaged delivered in Italy
June 25 - Contacted Amazon and I have been told that I would need to wait 25 days before any queries around the return.
July 3 - Contacted again and have been told to reach out on 10th of July
July 10 - Contacted again I have been told that nothing could be done because my name was not in the AnPost receipt and the value was 150 Euro and not the product value.
July 10 - Replied saying that AnPost only secure 150 Euro.
July 10 - Contacted AmazonHelp on tweeter. They have said that only AmazonIT could be solving the issue.
July 12 - Contacted AnPost and they said they don't have ways to add my name to a receipt.

I also contact you twice via chat, which did not helped.
I have used a translator because I do not speak Italian. I hope in english is more clear now.

3) Questions

Given the delivery date, I believe that Amazon had time to process the return.
Do Amazon received my return?
If not or unknown, what can I do to prove that I sent the package?

Please, I'm happy to wait the return to be processed if that is the case.
There is no problem if it takes 30 days more for me to get the money back.
I used to buy frequently from Amazon UK, once there is no Amazon in Ireland.
After the Brexit I started to buy from other Amazon markets, once there are not additional taxes in EU.

Let me know anything I could be doing to solve this.

Sincerely,
Alessandro Lemser
